ep2d1,An Aggressive Approach,ep3d1,Punish the Man,ep3d2,Let it Slide,
Unsure of the situation, you keep your sword ready as you approach the crowd. 
You hear someone yelling in the crowd about the King’s lack of action and suggest they seek aid from the province south. 
When you reach the edge, you begin to push the people apart. 
The townsfolk all gasp and step away from you to create a path towards the scaffolding. 
The sudden silence makes you very uncomfortable and Panza chuckles nervously while bowing towards the crowd. 
Looking at their faces, you can tell they are a very distressed people and that many of them have bandaged wounds on their legs. 
You remember seeing the same wounds on soldiers who fought in the Goblin War a few years ago.
As you climb onto the scaffolding, the man on it starts to shake fearfully. 
You stand and look him in the eyes. He looks from your eyes down to your blade and back to your eyes.
“I heard some people here saying that you should abandon your king,” you speak over the hushed crowd. 
“This is treason and is punishable by death.”
“We have sent word to the castle weeks ago and have received no aid! The king has already abandoned us!” a voice yells from the crowd.
“Maybe your runners were intercepted before reaching the castle! How do you know that the king has heard your plea?” you shout back.
The silence of the crowd shows their embarrassment. They had assumed the king had received their message without confirmation of it. 
Before you can speak again, the man next to you steps forward and introduces himself.
“I am Mayor Digary. I represent the good people of Millstone and serve the good King first and foremost,” he said, 
“I recognize your insignia, you are Sir Py Thon, yes? Your great strength and power is known throughout the land. 
Have you come to save us from the goblins?”
You look out into the eyes of the broken and beaten people. 
Knowing that anything their crimes against their king were due to stress and desperation. 
You also know that letting anyone speak publicly against the king for any reason could result in an uprising that your southern neighbors will surely take advantage of.
Will you punish the man who spoke up against the king and show them the king’s power or will you let the transgression slide by showing the king’s compassion?